Title: Fits my AMC Rambler Cross Country perfectly 
Content: I looked at several car covers for my AMC Rambler Cross Country and this one looked like the best. It fits perfectly, just make sure you use the sizing chart when ordering. However, I learned that it's not completely waterproof in heavy rain. Shortly after putting it on my car, we had a severe thunderstorm and some water did get through, probably through the seam. But I've found that no car covers are completely waterproof, so I guess it should be expected. This particular cover has adjustable retaining straps in the front and back and comes with an extra strap for the midbody to secure the cover under the vehicle. It also has grommets for an anti-theft cable or bungee cord to keep the cover firmly in place. It also comes with an antenna grommet, and you can add a large nylon drawstring storage bag. One word of caution, I followed the instructions for installing the cover which state that it's not necessary to use the antenna grommet if you have a flexible antenna. Well, that didn't work out well because when I removed the cover, which was heavy, my rubber flex antenna was bent and cracked in several places. In retrospect, my car's six years old and the rubber was weathered and hardened. But be aware that you might want to remove any detachable antennas before using this cover, as a replacement antenna cost me [Amazon]. Other than that, I'm happy with this cover, it's well made, easy to install, and stayed on my car during 70 MPH winds and heavy rain. (Helpful: 1, Rating: 2)

Title: Good quality, good fit 
Content: I bought the Coverland Car Cover Waterproof All Weather for my AMC Rambler Cross Country after reading reviews from other people, and I agree, it fits perfectly. We had rain and snow, and my car stayed dry under this cover. I'm satisfied with the purchase and recommend it to others. (Helpful: 20, Rating: 5)

Title: Coverland Premium Car Cover: Legitimately a Good Investment of Protection, Comparatively 
Content: I've bought many other brands of car covers in the past, all stating that they are waterproof. I can attest that this Coverland Premium cover does exactly what it states, excellent water protection. I've recently had winds over 70 mph and the fitted car cover adheres perfectly without any concerns whatsoever. In comparison to many other car tarp purchases, this brand has certainly lived up well to its rated claims. I'm truly impressed and satisfied with this car cover purchase. This purchase has proven so far to be one of my best-ever auto covers over the decades. (Helpful: 20, Rating: 5)

Title: Great truck cover 
Content: This cover is waterproof. It's also easy to dry off after rain. I've purchased many truck covers over the years, and this is the best and least expensive truck cover I have ever purchased. The only bad thing is that I would like to have mirror pockets. (Helpful: 15, Rating: 5)

Title: Almost As Good as Garage 
Content: I'm very pleased with this car cover. It's fully waterproof and relatively easy to remove and replace. The cover adapts to the shape of the vehicle over time, making it easier to use. I wish I had bought one years ago as I do not have a home garage. (Helpful: 15, Rating: 5)

Title: Great fit, seems very durable 
Content: It fits great and really covers my car. It's waterproof and seems to be holding up. I believe this will last longer than the Budge covers sold in-store by Walmart. (Helpful: 15, Rating: 5)

Title: Best cover, outstanding customer service 
Content: I have bought many covers for my AMC Rambler Cross Country, and this cover has been the best. It fits well, is easy to put on and secure. The only problem is that it only lasted 6 months. However, after 6 months of harsh South Florida sun, the price is excellent. Also, when I contacted the company, I found out that I had an extended warranty. I provided a few pictures showing the material deteriorating, and the company sent me a new cover. The customer service was terrific. They were fast, polite, and professional. I have already received the new cover, and I will continue to do business with them. (Helpful: 10, Rating: 5)

Title: Thin 
Content: This cover seems more like two layers than truly waterproof. It's a good value, fits my car very well, and the buckle straps keep it in place. Recommended. (Helpful: 1, Rating: 5)

Title: Coverland Premium Car Cover Waterproof All Weather for AMC Rambler Cross Country (1958-1962) length
completion_tokens: 1021, prompt_tokens:, 1389, total_tokens:, 2410
