Title: Good Fit, but Not Completely Waterproof (Helpful: 1, Rating: 2)
Content: I looked at several car covers for my AMC AMX from 1978-1980, and this one looked like the best. It fits perfectly, but I learned that it's not completely waterproof. After a heavy rainstorm, some water got through, probably through a seam. I guess it should be expected, as no car covers are completely waterproof. Other than that, I'm not completely satisfied with this cover.

Title: Fits My Car Perfectly (Helpful: 20, Rating: 5)
Content: I looked at several car covers for my AMC AMX from 1978-1980, and this one looked like the best. It fits perfectly, make sure you use the sizing chart when ordering. However, I learned that it's not completely waterproof. Shortly after putting it on my car, we had a severe thunderstorm, and some water got through, probably through a seam. But I've found that no car covers are completely waterproof, so I guess it should be expected. This particular cover has adjustable retaining straps in the front and back, and comes with an extra strap for the mid-body to secure the cover under the vehicle. It also has grommets for an anti-theft cable or bungee cord to keep the cover firmly in place. It also comes with an antenna grommet, and you can add a large nylon drawstring storage bag. One word of caution, I followed the instructions for installing the cover, which state that it's not necessary to use the antenna grommet if you have a flexible antenna. Well, that didn't work out well because when I removed the cover, which was heavy, my rubber flex antenna was bent and cracked in several places. In retrospect, my car's 40 years old and the rubber was weathered and hardened. But be aware, you might want to remove any detachable antennas before using this cover. A replacement antenna cost me Amazon. Other than that, I'm happy with this cover, it's well-made, easy to install, and stayed on my car in 50 mph winds and heavy rain.

Title: Good Quality, Good Fit (Helpful: 20, Rating: 5)
Content: I bought the Coverland Car Cover, Waterproof All Weather for my AMC AMX from 1978-1980 after reading reviews from other people, and I agree—it fits perfectly. We had rain and snow, and my car stayed dry under this cover. I'm satisfied with my purchase and would recommend it to others.

Title: Coverland Premium Car Cover Legitimately a Good Investment of Protection (Helpful: 20, Rating: 5)
Content: I've bought many other brands of car covers in the past, all stating that they are waterproof. I can truly attest that this Coverland Premium cover does exactly what it states—excellent water protection. I recently had winds over 50 mph and the fitted car cover adhered perfectly without any concerns whatsoever. In comparison to many other car tarp purchases, this brand has certainly lived up well to its rated waterproof capabilities. I'm truly impressed and satisfied with this car cover purchase. This purchase has proven so far to be one of my best in every aspect of auto covers over the decades.

Title: Great Truck Cover (Helpful: 15, Rating: 5)
Content: This cover is waterproof. It's also easy to dry off after rain. I've purchased many truck covers over the years, and this is the best and least expensive truck cover I have ever purchased. The only bad thing is that I would like to have mirror pockets.

Title: Almost As Good as Garage (Helpful: 15, Rating: 5)
Content: I'm very pleased with this car cover. It's fully waterproof and relatively easy to remove and replace. The cover adapts to the shape of the vehicle over time, so it gets easier to use. I wish I had bought one years ago, as I do not have a home garage.

Title: Great Fit, Seems Very Durable (Helpful: 15, Rating: 5)
Content: It fits great and really covers the car. It's waterproof and seems to be holding up well. I believe that this will last longer than the Budge covers sold in stores by Walmart.

Title: Best Cover, Outstanding Customer Service (Helpful: 10, Rating: 5)
Content: I have bought many covers for my AMC AMX from 1978-1980, and this cover has been the best. It fits well, is waterproof, easy to put on and secure. The only problem is that it only lasted 6 months. However, after 6 months in harsh South Florida sun, the price is excellent. Also, when I contacted the company, I found out that I had an extended warranty. I provided a few pictures showing the material deteriorating, and the company sent me a new cover. The customer service was terrific. They were fast, polite, and professional. I have already received the new cover, and I will continue to do business with them.

Title: Thin (Helpful: 5, Rating: 5)
Content: This cover seems more like two layers than it is waterproof. It's a good value, though. It fits my car very well, and the buckle straps keep it in place. Recommended.

Title: Coverland Premium Car Cover Waterproof All Weather for Buick Roadmaster (1936-1958) (Helpful: 2, Rating: 5)
Content: Likes: fits very well, including where the mirrors are. The zipper to get into the car is a handy feature. The reflective straps for windproofing are a nice touch. The cover is colorless, so it's less likely to absorb heat and keeps the car dry. Dislikes: it leaked through the seams. I almost brought it back, but my husband likes the other features, so he's going to try a waterproof spray on the seams to help prevent leakage. Can't comment on durability after only one month.

Title: Great Fit, Keeps My Car Dry (Helpful: 1, Rating: 5)
Content: I've paid lots of money for custom covers that were a pain to put on and keep on my car. It was a breeze to put on, albeit I had to remove the antenna because I didn't want to try my hand at installing the grommet. I trained shortly after installing it and it's really waterproof. The zipper entry for the driver's door is a really great feature.
completion_tokens: 1359, prompt_tokens:, 1387, total_tokens:, 2746
